GREGLET
Overview
The greglet is a type of critter that inhabits urban areas, 
There are many variations such as the gregling, greggus, and grüg. 
They are commonly found in damp and dark areas such as sewers or behind the toilet. 

Appearance
It is difficult to accurately ascertain the greglet's appearance due to their elusiveness.
However, the few rare sightings of them have revealed that they are roughly equal in size to 3 medium-sized oranges. 
They have four limbs capable of holding objects. Each greglet is also characterized by an appendage at the back of their head. 

Behavior 
Greglets favor dwelling in places that are poorly lit. 
They are evasive to non-greglets. 
If spotted, they will immediately scurry away from the witness' sightline. 
They have a penchant to take small items such as keys or wallets. 
It's unknown what they actually do with these objects or where they take them to. 

Encounters
November 11
Sitting at the park bench by the pond in Anessik Park. Sky is overcast. 
Rain drops begin to fall. I get up and begin making my way back.
Notice pocket feels empty. My keys are gone. Search around. 
Starting to feel frantic, until...
In the corner of my eye, I see a glimmer in the bushes.
It's my keys. Holding it was the creature. 
I only managed to glance at it for a split-second.
As I looked at it, it looked at me.
Behind its black beady eyes was only hatred. 
Eyes with no affection or enjoyment. 
Eyes that have never felt love. 
Then it darted away into the thick shrubbery. 

RGB 64, 192, 192

RAINFEEDER
Rainfeeders are relatively small yet highly adaptable creatures commonly found in areas with high precipitation. 
They are docile and avoid confrontation with other creatures. 
They are characterized by a beak on the top of their heads. During times of rain, the beak opens to feed upon the water. 

Rainfeeders have a specialized flagella that allows them to travel over ground. 
The flagella functions as a sort of spring or pogo stick that moves them in a bouncing motion.
Rainfeeders also have a single eye, which allows it to see. It lacks the depth perception that multiple-eyed creatures posess.
They use their eyesight to find suitable nesting grounds or to locate hostile predators. 
After spotting a predator, rainfeeders will attempt to hop away. However, they lack any defensive ability after being caught. 

Poem by smeg 
when all that's left of yesterday
is dried blood in the sink, an unmade bed
and a thin film of coffee at the bottom of a mug
to be cleaned tomorrow, whenever that comes
temporarily permanent, the clothes on the floor
and letters unopened, constant occasions
pushed aside to make room for the question
"when is the future?"